README.md, before:

# My Android notes

Several documents that I maintain for myself. Maybe they can help you too. 

These docs are in Markdown format, prepared to be used with the superb presentation software [Deckset](http://www.decksetapp.com/)

- [Google Maps](google-maps-v2/google-maps-v2.md)
- [ADB: Android Debugging Bridge](adb/adb.md)
- [Gradle](gradle/gradle.md)
- [Check if your Internet connection is alive](check-internet/android-check-internet-connection.md)
- [Play MIDI files in Android](midi-playing/jet-midi-playing.md)
- [Simple Volley networking & GSON JSON parsing](volley/volley-notes.md)
- [Menus](menus/menus.md)
- [How to create a Recycler View, ViewHolder & Adapter](recycler-view/recycler-view.md)
- [Adding custom fonts to your project](fonts/fonts.md)

## Contributing

- If you spot an error / typo / something missing, please add an issue.
- Pull requests are welcome ;-)

## LICENSE

MIT - Licence

Copyright (c) 2017 Diego Freniche

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added a little bit more info to README file

README.md, after:

# My Android notes

Several documents that I maintain for myself. I just can't remember how to do the things I want to do. Maybe they can help you too. 

These docs are in Markdown format, prepared to be used with the superb presentation software [Deckset](http://www.decksetapp.com/)

- [Google Maps](google-maps-v2/google-maps-v2.md)
- [ADB: Android Debugging Bridge](adb/adb.md)
- [Gradle](gradle/gradle.md)
- [Check if your Internet connection is alive](check-internet/android-check-internet-connection.md)
- [Play MIDI files in Android](midi-playing/jet-midi-playing.md)
- [Simple Volley networking & GSON JSON parsing](volley/volley-notes.md)
- [Menus](menus/menus.md)
- [How to create a Recycler View, ViewHolder & Adapter](recycler-view/recycler-view.md)
- [Adding custom fonts to your project](fonts/fonts.md)

## Contributing

- If you spot an error / typo / dead link / something missing, please [file an issue](https://github.com/dfreniche/android-documentation/issues).
- Pull requests are welcome ;-)

## LICENSE

MIT - Licence

Copyright (c) 2017 Diego Freniche

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
